hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be attempting the 24 hour readathon the
second time so this morning I wake up at
5 I started reading at 5 I would say I'm
currently on page 119 of Memories at the
Catholic girlhood I'm sorry for how
blurry this first clip is I just love
how you can see it gradually getting
writer outside though this book is
really good I'm really enjoying it some
memoir and it reminds me a bit of
Jeanette Winterson oranges are not the
only fruit it's just full quarter to 7
and I have got 30 pages left of this
book it's really good
[Music]
okay I've just finished my first book of
the read-a-thon as I said this kind of
reminds me of oranges not the only fruit
particularly because of how it deals
with autobiography as a narrative form
at the end of each chapter she talks
about what was wrong with her narrative
and how it's been adapted what she's
made up what you've quite can't quite
remember because obviously she's writing
it so that people find it entertaining
and that's partially her purpose and so
to make sure that it's authentic at the
end it's like a foot day in the extended
that the possible mistakes to her memory
which is very like Jeanette Winterson
who blasts the line between fiction
autobiography says that there's a very
fine line between them and she does seem
to recognize that too but she makes it
moreover like Jeanette Winterson doesn't
point out where her narrative is
mistaken whereas McCarthy does okay
let's get the next book let's see the
next book I'm going to read is Death in
Venice by Thomas Mann I've got my banana
smoothie milk thing I've also saved like
a third of the banana which I'm going to
just have with some almond butter
[Music]
Dave and all Swire edit this wave but
I've just read their sentence where
mamas milk white blossoms fluted when I
first read it I read it as where
mammoths milk white blossoms fluted like
the white of mammoths milk and I was
like that is the weirdest image ever and
then I realized that the - were saying
it was milk white
[Music]
okay so I'm 53 pages into this and I'm
really enjoying it it did take me a
while to get into you like the first 15
pages I was thinking I'm just really not
enjoying this and just cuz the language
is very dense the sentences are long and
they're quite difficult to follow
it's like parentheses in parentheses in
parentheses and so to unpick the
sentences sometimes it's confusing but I
got used to the sauna and I'm really
enjoying it the narrator is an artist
and he's become obsessed with this young
boy that he's seen on the beach and is
treating this boy like a piece of art
and living arts and interesting
distinction thinking about the
difference between someone who creates
art and someone who is art in that own
sense I'm going to finish this now I'm
gonna finish this but first I'm going to
make myself some tea because I can't
have my tea yet
[Music]
I just finished death in Venice and I
would highly recommend oh my goodness it
was wonderful I just really loved the
narrative voice and how it flitted
between these really just inane
observations of what is happening in
them and then he'd focus on something
like really key into something um
usually the boy - he's obsessed with
that is book number two and it is
currently quarter to nine so the next
book I might read this I decided to sit
up in the tree house to read this book
and it was actually a really nice
temperature I was wearing a wreath that
Christmas jumper and a coat but it was
the perfect temperature and I was also
sipping at my mug of Earl Grey tea at
the same time so I decided to save for
this book for later because it's so
beautiful that I just I'm not really in
the mood for it because I've just read
something bit heavier I wanted to read
this so I'm actually going to pass
[Music]
I'm on page 75 of the Martian Chronicles
currently quoted to tan it's really
really good
well this is so like fast paced and just
it's just so confusing you have no idea
what's going on and you have it's like
very deduction phase
okay so it's 2211 and I'm on page 152 of
the Martian Chronicles and I am getting
pretty tired so I think I'm gonna read
just 25 more pages and then I will take
a break it's really hit day and I
actually decided to get under the covers
and read in bed which I never usually do
like I never get into bed in the middle
of the day but it's was actually really
cozy
[Music]
okay I'm on page 200 and it is what time
is it 11:00 o'clock say then I went to
got myself some lunch
I had an early lunch at 11:00 and I
decided to have a smoothie Bowl because
I was really really bouncing as MIDI
ball
[Music]
[Applause]
but three done I loved this book it was
so great
five past 12 so this is an hour behind
okay say three hours later and I'm going
to you reading this for ages say I
didn't want to do it when I was in the
wrong headspace this is Treece
[Music]
I'm currently on page 64 and it's half
12:00 at the moment this books only 200
pages and as you can see the fonts are
reading back but it's taking me a while
to read just because it's so beautiful
that I don't want to waste it
this is my first time reading it and
it's one of those books that you've got
you have to really appreciate the
language of it's like poetry's
[Music]
never food tomorrow closing in this
faster okay I'm on page 100 and it's not
that this book isn't good but I've
decided to take another break from it
and read something else I'm finding it
surprisingly heavy because it's so
lyrical I don't think I'm appreciated to
its full extent at the moment say so I
don't have as many clips of me reading
the Scorch Trials but I did really enjoy
this I thought that was it was a bit
weird in the middle like there was a
period about 2/3 through for just around
50 pages where I thought it was just it
kind of lost its pace and it wasn't as
good but other than that it was so good
thing I really did enjoy reading it it
was really light so it's now just about
to turn two and I'm reading the Scorch
Trials the second book in The Maze
Runner series just because I was really
feeling like an a wide stay for your
book like something really fast paced
say I'm not very far in mind you're like
page 70 or 80 but it's good so far
[Music]
it's just on three and I'm on page 160
of the Scorch Trials sometimes I
understand I'm making it never pays
so I'm actually really in the mood for
popcorn so with the help of my popcorn I
finish the sport strands then I moved
back onto the light in the dark time for
take three already this book truly is
beautiful I don't know if I paid it
justice because of the very fact that I
picked it up twice and put it back down
it's only because the language is so
beautiful it is like poetry and this is
some of my favorite kind of literature
to read so I didn't want to waste it I
wanted to make sure I was in the right
headspace okay just finish this it's
currently twenty past six and I'm gonna
go inside and choose many things I
decided to read The Sandman next simply
because I had to read this for
university and this was a very quick
book oh and Lola ate my pan which was
very sad because I do really like this
pan I went back inside and I decided to
read at my desk because I was making
some notes in this book as I was going
along since I they said it was for
university and yes I have something on
my nose and I don't know what it is I
was reading on the trampoline before and
I think it's a bit of dirt so it
literally is ringing - - that Harry for
to quote you vote out in your days this
was a very quick read but very good next
book I decided to read was the island
and I didn't get any clips of me reading
this at the beginning but then I had
dinner had a shower and got into bed to
read this book
[Music]
okay it's just gonna 9:00 and I'm on
page 130 of Island it's got this really
great message of Tolerance
I'm so tired now I've decided to end you
this as like a partial read-a-thon so I
only got four hours of sleep last night
and I'm so tired and I don't want to
stay off all night so I managed to read
seven books which i think is quite good
and I'm gonna go to sleep now and I'll
give you a wrap up of those books okay
good morning it's the next day and I am
going to run through all of the books I
managed to read yesterday so in total I
read seven books these are the books I
read the first book I read was memories
of a Catholic girl hood by Mary McCarthy
the second book was Death in Venice by
Thomas Mann then I read the Martian
Chronicles by Ray Bradbury next I read
the Scorch Trials by James Dashner which
is the second book in the major in a
series the fifth book I read was the
light in the dark a winter journal then
I read the salmon by ETA Hoffmann which
was very short very creepy extremely
uncanny and the final seventh book I
read was Island by Nicki singer and I'm
gonna quickly pack count up how many
pages in total I read as well say
yesterday in total I read 1471 words
what I read 1471 pages that was words
that would be like two pages so yes
thank you so much for watching this
read-a-thon I hope you enjoyed it and I
that you have a productive week
[Music]